= Zoho Invoice

Wrapper for the zoho invoice api

== Installation

This plugin is not yet available as a gem. I will submit it after i've written proper test cases.

==== Plugin

Traditional plugin:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/jhnvz/zoho_invoice.git

== Configuration

Configuration is done in the config/zoho_invoice.yml file. (see sample_zoho_invoice)

== Usage

  client = ZohoInvoice::Client.new
  client.list_items => [item1, item2]
  client.list_invoices => [invoice1, invoice2]

  # example create client
  response = client.create_customer('Customer' => {'Name' => self.company_name,
	                                'CurrencyCode' => 'EUR',
	                                'BillingAddress' => self.street,
	                                'BillingCity' => self.city,
	                                'BillingZip' => self.zipcode,
	                                'BillingCountry' => "Nederland",
	                                'Contacts' => {'Contact' => {'Salutation' => self.salutation,
	                                                             'FirstName' => self.firstname,
	                                                             'LastName' => self.lastname,
	                                                             'EMail' => self.email,
	                                                             'Phone' => self.phone}},
	                                'CustomFields' => {'CustomFieldLabel1' => "KVK nummer",
	                                                   'CustomFieldValue1' => self.kvk_number,
	                                                   'CustomFieldLabel2' => "BTW nummer",
	                                                   'CustomFieldValue2' => self.vat_number}
	                                })
  response.Customer.Name => "Name"

I will write full documentation on the API methods. In the meanwhile check the classes.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Johan van Zonneveld. See LICENSE for details.